# from /home/woodrow/proj/cidr-report_analysis/planning/cidr_report_emails/cidr_r_emails-old_index.txt:471
# 2002-08-26 'FYI: CIDR Report changes' from 'Philip Smith'
# http://www.merit.edu/mail.archives/nanog/2002-08/msg00847.html


FYI: CIDR Report changes
From: Philip Smith
Date: Mon Aug 26 02:51:24 2002



Hi,

As most of you know, the CIDR Report was conceived by Tony Bates in 1995 as 
a means to monitor and inform the community about the amount of CIDRisation 
activities being carried out by Internet Service Providers.

The CIDR Report has been highly successful, much referred to and well 
respected snapshot of the growth in the Routing Table, as well as providing 
information on the level of aggregation being carried out in our community.

In recent years it has become more of a challenge to maintain the software 
to keep up with the rapid growth in the Internet. Philip Smith, who has 
produced a widely published Routing Table Report since late 1998, has 
helped to keep the Report up to date with current allocation and assignment 
information.

But with the large number of views of the routing table, and with the 
numerous requests many individuals and organisations have been making for 
enhancements to the CIDR Report, we have agreed that the future of the CIDR 
Report now rests alongside the very comprehensive BGP Table Analysis which 
Geoff Huston has been running for the last year.

This Friday's CIDR Report (23rd August) was the last one posted from Tony's 
original system. As from the coming Friday (30th August), the CIDR Report 
will come from Geoff Huston's new implementation. The e-mail will go to the 
same operations mailing lists, will look very similar in layout, and will 
have greatly updated information compared with the original. Furthermore, 
the routing table view will be the summary from the RouteViews project.

The supporting website for the CIDR Report has been vastly improved, with 
greater detail, the ability to search on aggregation effort per AS, and so 
on. A snapshot of Geoff's implementation can be found at 
http://bgp.potaroo.net/cidr/. Regular users of the information contained in 
the CIDR Report should check out the website and the new features in the 
report.

As ever, comments and feedback are most welcome; these should be sent to 
&lt;cidr-report@potaroo.net&gt;.

Tony Bates, Geoff Huston, Philip Smith



